# Team089-arys
This is our group project for cs411-sp23
## Project Summary

For this project, we developed an application that can display intuitive data distribution and keyword recommendations to users, focusing on educators. This application will let educators know more about the audience and their viewing preferences and habits, allowing them to produce better videos and get inspiration for creating relevant new content, increasing their exposure and engagement. Our application will provide a comprehensive analysis of popular video titles, tags and keywords, and recommend to video creators the tags that similar videos use as well as possible video categories determined by the description entered by the video creator. This allows educators to choose titles and hashtags that are likely to attract a larger audience. 

In this project, we will use SQL queries to find the most popular publish times and also to find the most popular keywords in titles and return this information to users. Trend tracking through view counts and likes and relevance analysis capabilities using video categories and keywords. This will allow educators to understand how some of the hottest topics of the moment influence their audience's interests, helping them create more relevant content. The application in our project also supports a video recommendation system, helping users discover new content they may be interested in and increasing their interaction with the application by using common keywords and category information. We also have a visualization of trending videos, giving users a visual representation of how their content is performing compared to other videos in their category and desired audience demographics.

